- Definition:
Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool.
Based on the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project's build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of information.

- POM definition:
POM stands for Project Object Model. It is fundamental unit of work in Maven. It is an XML file that resides in the base directory of the project as pom.xml.
The POM contains information about the project and various configuration detail used by Maven to build the project(s).

It should be noted that there should be a single POM file for each project.
  + All POM files require the project element and three mandatory fields: groupId, artifactId, version.
  + Projects notation in repository is groupId:artifactId:version.
  + Minimal requirements for a POM.

- Feature:
Simple project setup that follows best practices - get a new project or module started in seconds
Consistent usage across all projects - means no ramp up time for new developers coming onto a project
Superior dependency management including automatic updating, dependency closures (also known as transitive dependencies)
A large and growing repository of libraries and metadata to use out of the box, and arrangements in place with the largest Open Source projects for real-time availability of their latest releases
Extensible, with the ability to easily write plugins in Java or scripting languages
Instant access to new features with little or no extra configuration
Model based builds: Maven is able to build any number of projects into predefined output types such as a JAR, WAR, or distribution based on metadata about the project, without the need to do any scripting in most cases.

- Dependency and Repository:
Dependency is the java librarian outside used for project.
Repository is the place stored dependency under jar.

- Build lifecycles, Phases and goals:
a build life cycle include a series of phase, each phase wil have a chunk of goals.
maven phase: validate, compile, test-compile, test, package, integration-test, install, deploy
maven goals: compile, install 